If I am wrong
Don't you want me?
I'll do whatever you say.
Give me another chance.
I gave you a chance.
Ah!
Great, I saved my gold yuan.
One back.
You are not my daughter
Dad?
What are you saying?
Is what he said true?
If we forcibly extract the gold yuan from us
This is what happens.
The ancestors gave you gold and yuan back then
Let your country be beautiful
Now Jin Yuan has become one with you
If forced to go
You will lose your life
Even death
It's not me.
It was you
You took away my face
I'm going to fight with you
It's your fault
Ah!
Ruoxi is willing to marry the Lord
I just ask the Lord not to forcibly take away the essence aid
Cat litter is also willing
Yes, yes, we are all willing to
Yafan, so you can let me go
you
Kneel down for me